c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\bin\Debug\Barbershop.exe.config
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\bin\Debug\Barbershop.exe
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\bin\Debug\Barbershop.pdb
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\obj\Debug\Barbershop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\obj\Debug\Barbershop.Form1.resources
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\obj\Debug\Barbershop.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\obj\Debug\Barbershop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\obj\Debug\Barbershop.exe
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\obj\Debug\Barbershop.pdb
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\obj\Debug\Barbershop.frmViewCustomers.resources
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\obj\Debug\Barbershop.frmAddCustomer.resources
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\obj\Debug\Barbershop.frmUpdateCustomer.resources
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\obj\Debug\Barbershop.frmSearchCustomer.resources
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\obj\Debug\Barbershop.frmSettings.resources
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\obj\Debug\Barbershop.frmUserData.resources
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\obj\Debug\Barbershop.frmUpdateOwner.resources
c:\users\alen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\obj\Debug\Barbershop.frmViewDates.resources
C:\Users\Alen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Barbershop\Barbershop\obj\Debug\Barbershop.frmGivePoint.resources
